[Core] Lite weight profiler implementation (#26648)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/contributing/profiling.md

- VLLM_GC_DEBUG=1: enable GC debugger with gc.collect elpased times
- VLLM_GC_DEBUG='{"top_objects":5}': enable GC debugger to log top 5
  collected objects for each gc.collect

## Lite Profiler

The lite profiler is a lightweight, minimal-overhead profiling tool designed for capturing the time spent by the critical components of the system.

### How It Works

> The lite profiler uses context managers to time code blocks and writes timing data to a log file with minimal overhead. After execution completes, it uses the logs from the log file to generate an aggregate summary report showing time spent in different pipeline stages. Currently, its enabled for both the `vllm bench throughput` and `vllm bench latency` commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lite profiler uses context managers to time code blocks and writes timing data to a log file with minimal overhead. After execution completes, it uses the logs from the log file to generate an aggregated summary report showing time spent in different execution stages. Currently, it's enabled for both the `vllm bench throughput` and `vllm bench latency` commands. 
```
